What is another name for the North Star ?
What does SETI stand for ?
What were the first words spoken on the moon ?
What was the first spaceship on the moon ?
What was the first satellite in space ?
What was the first animal in space ?
Which planet did the spacecraft Magellan enable scientists to research extensively ?
The second is a fundamental unit of what ?
Where is the Sea of Tranquility ?
How much is the international space stations expected to cost ?
How far away from the sun is Saturn ?
What is the distance from Jupiter to the sun ?
How many natural satellites does the earth possess ?
What name is horror actor William Henry Pratt better known by ?
How old is the planet earth ?
What is the radius of earth in kilometers ?
What is the number of planet in the solar system ?
When was the internal combustion engine invented ?
When was Apollo 11 launched ?
What year did the shuttle Challenger explode ?
What day did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
When was water first found on Mars ?
When was Sputnik launched ?
Who was one of the Egyptian gods ?
When did they put Mir down ?
When did humanity first landed on the moon ?
What is the closest star to earth ? 
Where was Frank Liszt born ?
What is the closest galaxy to the milky way ?
How many spouse did Michael Jackson had ?
How many stars are there in the milky way ?
Is pluto a planet ?
How many person have been to space ?
Where is Hubble telescope ?
What is Marilyn Monroe's real name ?
What is the name of the biggest known star ?
How old is the universe ?
How old is the earth ?
How old is the sun ?
How old is Jupiter ?
When did Alexander Graham Bell invent the telephone ?
How many moons does Jupiter has ?
Who discovered Saturn ?
What is the closest star from the sun ?
What cemetery is Thurgood Marshall buried in ?
How far away is Alpha Proxima ?
What is the Oort cloud ?
How many planets are there in the solar system ?
How big is the solar system ?
Is there a black hole at the center of our galaxy ?
What are black hole ?
How big can a black hole be ?
What is Hawking's radiation ?
What is String theory ?
Are we alone in the universe ?
Is the universe infinite ?
What are multi-verse ?
When was the Big Bang ?
Will there be a Big Crush ?
Can you reverse entropy ?
What are the different stage of life of a red Giant ?
How many type of stars are there ?
What is the smallest wavelength we can observe ?
How fast is light in a vacuum ?
What are neutrino ?
How fast are neutrino ?
What are the chance that aliens exists ?
What is the Fermi Paradox ?
What person developed COBOL ?
What are the great filters ?
Is the universe expanding ?
What is the microwave background radiation ?
When were the microwave background radiation discovered ?
What are Quasars ?
What is the name of the supercluster our galaxy is part of ?
What is dark matter ?
What is dark energy ?
What is the mass of the entire universe ?
What is creating the ultra-high-energy cosmic rays ?
What really happens beyond the event horizon ?
Is there other life in the Universe ?
What is a nebula ?
What country was ruled by King Arthur ?
Where is the Crab Nebula ?
How big is the Crab Nebula ?
How far away is Earth from Venus ?
When was the telegraph invented ?
What breed was Roy Rogers' horse Trigger ?
What is the name of the planet that is the most similar to earth ?
Where does comets come from ?
What is the difference between a brown dwarf and a white dwarf ?
What is the nature of dark matter and dark energy ?
What is the origin of the stellar mass spectrum ?
What is Visible-light astronomy ?
When was the first telescopes created ?
What city have the highest light pollution ?
What are radio galaxies ?
What does the acronym DRAGN stand for in the context of astronomy ?
When was the pencil first invented ?
Where is the biggest radio telescope ?
What is the use of the blink comparator in the context of astronomy ?
What are Kepler's laws ?
What is the shortest physical distance ?
What was the name of the high school in "Grease" ?
What is the weak equivalence principle ?
What exactly define 'deep space' ?
How many robots are on Mars ?
How many probe landed on Venus ?
Did we send a probe to Mercury ?
What is the project Mercury ?
What is the definition of a star ?
How old is the milky way ?
Is the milky way different from normal galaxies ?
How big is the biggest galaxy ?
How far away is the farthest star we discovered ?
How powerful is a supernovae ?
What country are Volvo automobiles made in ?
How does supernovae happen ?
What is the difference between the universe and the observable universe ?
When will Andromeda collide with the Milky Way ?
Why is our galaxy called the Milky Way ?
How does a galaxy form ?
What is the difference between a galaxy group and a galaxy clusters ?
What is the Jeans instability in the context of astrophysics ?
What is physical cosmology ?
Who was the first human in space ?
Who sent the first human in space ?
When will the first manned mission to Mars happen ?
Is Einstein's general theory of relativity the correct theory of gravitation ?
What are the most scientifically accurates movies in space ?
What is Hubble's law ?
Can anything travel faster than light ?
Who is the owner of the St. Petersburg Times ?
How many kilometers is there in a light-year ?
What is the relation between matter and energy ?
Why was there more matter than anti-matter at the beginning of the universe ?
How much does a gram of anti-matter cost ?
Where is the Large Magellanic Cloud ?
Where is the Mona Lisa kept ?
Is the premise of the Fine-tuned universe hypothesis correct ?
What is cosmological natural selection ?
What caused the cosmic inflation that produced our homogeneous universe ?
Why is there a baryon asymmetry ?
How did supermassive black holes form ?
What is the explanation for the Fermi Paradox ?
Is the Solar System normal or atypical ?