What is written on the U.S. tomb of the unknown soldier ?
What does DEA stand for ? 
What is the motto for California ?
What breed was Barack Obama dog ?
What does SETI stand for ?
What does MOAB stand for in a military context in the usa ?
What does NORAD stand for in a military context ?
What is the motto of apollo 13 in latin ?
What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the acronym for the Federal Bureau of Investigation ?
What is the acronym for the Central Intelligence Agency ?
Who was the Roman god of the sea ?
In the U.S., what is the democratic party symbol ?
When did Bob Marley die ?
What body of water does the Colorado River flow into ?
Which U.S. state is the leading corn producer ?
What was the name of the high school in "Grease" ?
What is one national park in Indiana ?
What college did Allen Iverson attend ?
What is the name of the professional baseball team in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina ?
What school did Emmitt Smith go to ?
What university did Thomas Jefferson found ?
What is Ronald Reagan's favorite candy ?
What cemetery is Thurgood Marshall buried in ?
What is the official title of the Constitution of Vermont ?
How many athletes did Canada enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
What is the name of the famous dog sledding race held each year in Alaska ?
What is Elvis Presley's middle name ?
Who is the president pro tempore of the US Senate ?
What was the name of the stage play that A. Lincoln died at ?
Which planet did the spacecraft Magellan enable scientists to research extensively ?
What is the state song of Kansas ?
What was the name of the plane that dropped the Atomic Bomb on Hiroshima ?
What is the nickname of Oklahoma ?
What is the major crop grown in Arizona ?
What is the "Sunflower State" ?
What was the name of the first child of English parents to be born in America ?
Who is Tom Cruise married to ?
What Spanish explorer discovered the Mississippi River ?
Who is the governor of Colorado ?
Who is the governor of Tennessee ?
What was Andrew Jackson's wife's name ?
What is the Boston Strangler's name ?
What is Frank Sinatra's nickname ?
What president is on a quarter ?
What was the first name of the Gehrig who played for the New York Yankees ?
What was Denzel Washington's first television series ?
For whom was the state of Pennsylvania named ?
Who is the head of the FBI ?
What is Buzz Aldrin's real first name ?
What company makes Bentley cars ?
Who founded Rhode Island ?
Who was the Union leader in the First Battle of Winchester ?
Which vintage rock and roll singer was known as "The Killer" ?
Who was the U.S. president in 1929 ?
What president declared Mothers' Day ?
What was the profession of American patriot Paul Revere ?
Who did Scott Bakula play in "American Beauty" ?
Who has the most no hitters in major league baseball ?
Who was the first woman to run for president ?
Which president was sworn into office on an airplane ?
What lays blue eggs ?
Who were the architects who designed the Empire State Building ?
Who was the president of the United State of America when Hiroshima was hit by a nuclear bomb ?
Where does the vice president live when in office ?
Where was the first McDonalds built ?
The Hindenburg disaster took place in 1937 in which New Jersey town ?
Where is the oldest synagogue in the United States ?
What county is Wilmington, Delaware in ?
Where is Georgetown University ?
What is the capital of Kentucky ?
What is the name of the ballpark that the Milwaukee Brewers play at ?
What city is Lake Washington by ?
What is the deepest lake in America ?
Where is Hill Air Force Base ?
Where did Dr. King give his speech in Washington ?
Where did the U.S. Civil War begin ?
Where is the French consulate in New York ?
Where was Abraham Lincoln born ?
How old was Nolan Ryan when he retired ?
Where is the Statue of Liberty ?
Where is America's Stonehenge ?
Where was President Lincoln buried ?
Which state has the longest coastline on the Atlantic Ocean ?
Where was the battle of Alamo fought ?
Where was the Andersonville Prison ?
Where was Bill Gates born ?
What county is St. Paul, Minnesota in ?
What is the name of the US military base in Cuba ?
What is the oldest national park in the U.S. ?
What island did the U.S. gain after the Spanish American war ?
What was the largest crowd to ever come see Michael Jordan ?
What is Canada's most populous city ?
What was the length of the  Wright brothers' first flight ?
What is the population of Maryland ?
How old do you have to be to get married in South Carolina ?
How many states were still united after the southern states seceded ?
How much money does the U.S. supreme court make ?
How much of U.S. power is from nuclear energy ?
How many electoral college votes in Tennessee ?
How much does it cost to register a car in New Hampshire ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
How much is the international space stations expected to cost ?
What is the most populous city in the United States ?
How often does the United States government conduct an official population census ?
What is the highest recorded temperature in San Antonio, TX ?
How far is it from Buffalo, New York to Syracuse, New York ?
How old must you be to become President of the United States ?
How tall is Mike Tyson ?
How many spouse did Michael Jackson had ?
How old Tupac Shakur when he died ?
What year was Alaska purchased ?
What year did Wilt Chamberlain score 100 points ?
When did the shootings at Columbine happen ?
What year did Alaska become a state ?
When did Mike Tyson bite Holyfield's ear ?
When is Snoop Dog's birthday ?
When did Alexander Graham Bell invent the telephone ?
When did president Herbert Hoover die ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?
What year was President Kennedy killed ?
When did the Black Panther party start in California ?
When did George W. Bush get elected as the governor of Texas ?
When was Apollo 11 launched ?
When did Robert E. Lee surrender in the Civil War ?
When was the U.S. invasion of Haiti ?
What year was the first Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade held ?
What is Africa's largest country ?
What year did the shuttle Challenger explode ?
When did the United States enter World War II ?
When did Marian Anderson sing at the Lincoln Memorial ?
What day did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
When was Martin Luther King Jr. born ?
What year did California become a territory ?
When was the White House built ?
When did Yankee Stadium first open ?
When were the Los Angeles riots ?
When was the Oklahoma City bombing ?
When is Fashion week in NYC ?
What year did the first American lighthouse open ?
What is the date of the Kent State Shooting ?