What was the name of the dog in the Thin Man movies ?
What is the profession of John Cusack's character in the 1999 film "Pushing Tin" ?
Who is Tom Cruise married to ?
Who won the Oscar for best actor in 1970 ?
Who starred in "The Poseidon Adventure" ?
Who did Scott Bakula play in "American Beauty" ?
Who was the host of the first Academy Awards ceremony ?
Who directed "Requiem for a Dream" ?
Who directed "The Avengers" ?
Where was the movie "Somewhere in Time" filmed ?
How tall is Tom Cruise ?
What year was the movie "Ole Yeller" made ?
When was the first colored movie filmed ?
What is the name of the first movie with sounds ?
Who directed Interstellar ?
How many seasons of Firefly aired before it was cancelled ?
When did the 100th episodes of Friends aired ?
Who was the lead actor in Fury ?
When was the first ceremony of the Oscar ?
What was the highest budget movie ever produce ?
What was the most popular tv show in 2012 ?
Who's the first European to discover America ?
When did Battlestar Galactica first aired ?
Who produced Marco Polo ?
Who was the lead actor in the first season of Spartacus ?
Who directed The book of life ?
Who killed Jonh F. Kennedy ?
Which Star Wars movie was the least succesful ?
Who directed How I met your mother ?
How long was Kung-Fu Panda in the cinemas ?
How many movies did Adam Sandler starred in ?
Who was the first female monster to appear in a movie ?
What classic film was called production 9401 during filming ?
What color were the slippers in the original Wizard of Oz ?
Who painted "Sunflowers" ?
Raquel Welch once had a job as a what ?
In the movie Star Wars, what is the Emperors last name ?
In South Dakota what is it illegal to show in movies ?
Whoe wanted to play Brody in Jaws but was rejected by Spielberg ?
What famous role did both Cary Grant and Noel Coward reject ?
Ken Jennings, a contestant on which popular quiz show, won over 2.5 million dollars in 2004 ?
Which original actresses played the Angels, in the popular 1970s show "Charlie's Angels" ?
Which sitcom about the dysfunctional Bundy family ran from 1987-1997 ?
What late night comedy sketch show first aired in 1975 ?
Which popular science fiction franchise aired its first episode in 1966 ?
The popular 1990s TV show "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" featured which superstar actor and rapper at the beginning of his career ?
Which weekly television series on NBC was the first to air completely in color in 1959 ?
What were the names of the two government agents played by David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson in the 1993-2002 series X-Files ?
Who was the actress who played Samantha in the 1960s show "Bewitched" ?
The popular show American Bandstand started in 1952 and was hosted by whom ?
Which US Soap Opera first aired on CBS in 1956 ?
Which cartoon television show based on the Griffin family became popular in the early 2000s ?
In what US city is the show New Girl set ?
How many centimeters is there in a inche ?
On the television series "Roseanne" who did Becky marry ?
George Clooney played a main character on what tv show ?
In The Nanny, Fran and Maxwell have how many children all together ?
What was Jimmy Stuarts middle name ?
In the original film, who steals the Pink Panther ?
What was Hitchcock's first color film ?
Tommy Lee Jones made his movie debut in what movie ?
Malden Serkiovitch used what name for his acting career ?
What is Sean Connery's real first name ?
In the movie industry, what is a flipper often used by child actors ?
James Bonds athers name was what ?
What is the motto of Canada ?
Which movie is the only silent film to win the best picture Oscar ?
In George C Scott, what does the C stand for ?
On film, who first played Flash Gordon ?
What actor started his film career as Anglo Saxton type 2008 in the 30s ?
Mario Lopez played on what teen tv show ?
On "Will and Grace" Will and grace are ?
Carol Burnett played a role in "Mama's family" ?
John Stamos played on what tv show ?
What is the biggest dog breed ?
On 'Full House', Who says "How rude" ?
Why is Raven at the church where Devon's dad is getting married ?
On Lizzie McGuire, Gordo is in love with Lizzie ?
The show "Stargate SG-1" has survived for how many seasons ?
What are the people who make fireworks called ?
In Star Wars, who was the first character to speak ?
Betty Joan Perske changed her name to what ?
In which film did Richard Dreyfuss make his one line movie debut ?
Who was the lead actor in the movie The Sixth Sense ?
What type of gun does James Bond use ?
Which 1954 film won eight Oscars ?
Who played C-P30 in a series of films ?
Tom Cruise's first box office film was called what ?
What nationality was Oddjob ?
Who directed the film "The African Queen" ?
Who played Beau Geste in the 1939 film ?
Which movie star was born in Sakhalin Siberia ?
Who was the first filmed recipient of the "Custard Pie" in 1913 ?
What is the new spin-off of "Stargate SG-1" called ?
Who is Clark Kent ?
What are the names of the 2 top agents of NTAC in "The 4400" ?
In the sci fi show "Tru Calling" what is Tru's power ?
In "Tru Calling" who is Tru's rival ?
In the TV show "Torchwood" which member of the Torchwood team is Gwen having an affair with ?
In the Pink Panther, what did Peter Sellers use as an ink blotter ?
Who wrote and starred in the 1922 version of Robin Hood ?
Which film festival awards the "golden lion" ?
Sylvester Stallone used to sweep out what for a living ?
What was Spencer Tracy's last movie role ?
What was the name of the lion in the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe ?
Who is the detective on "Diagnosis Murder" ?
In Torchwood who plays Captain Jack Harkness ?
In a"Doctor Who" episode do all the dummies in store windows come to life and try too kill the doctor ?
Who plays Elizabeth Weir in "Stargate Atlantis" ?
Fred Savage, who starred in the "Wonder Years", had an onscreen girlfriend named Winnie ?
On the "Brady Bunch," what kind of business did Alice's boyfriend, Sam, have ?
On the opening credits of "The Dick Van Dyke Show", Dick Van Dyke would trip over what ?
What was Clint Eastwood's first film as a director ?
How much is one kilogram of gold worth ?
What movie was the first of the spaghetti westerns ?
Made in 1976, what was Hitchcock's last movie ?
In what country was Keanu Reeves born ?
What is Indiana Jones first name ?
Who directed the Halloween series of films ?
The fire truck on "Leave it to Beaver," was refered to as Life Saver ?
On "Full House," what did Stephanie let Kimmy Gibbler of all people do to her ?
Lori Loughlin, who played Becky in "Full House," also played in which other show ?
On "Family Matters," what was Carl's occupation ?
What is the scientific name for leech ?
What was Cory's girlfriend's name on "Boy Meets World ?
On "The Bob Newhart Show", what was Emily's job ?
What is the budget per episode of the TV show Game of Thrones ?
On what network does Game Of Thrones aired ?
The character Marion Crane died in what movie ?
What actors autobiography is titled "All my Yesterdays" ?
What was the name of the Australian movie about the pianist Halstdadt ?
How long ago was the Big Bang ?
Who's life story was the basis for the film "Dance with a Stranger" ?
What was the subtitle of Police Academy Six ?
What is Ryans last name in the O.C ?
Who played Randy in Home Improvement ?
Which Simpsons character died ?
Who played Lucas in the series Seaquest: DSV ?
In the TV show Charmed, who is the first to discover that future Chris is actually Pipers son ?
In the TV show Buffy the Vampire Slayer, how many times did Buffy the Vampire Slayer die ?