Who founded International Management Group (IMG)?
In what year was International Management Group (IMG) founded?
What company acquired International Management Group (IMG) in 2004?
Who are members of the board of the International Management Group (IMG)?
Who is the head of the International Management Group (IMG) golf division in North America?
What International Management Group (IMG) agent represents Vijay Singh?
What other sport stars are represented by International Management Group (IMG)?

Where is the U.S. Mint headquartered?
What year was the U.S. Mint established?
The U.S. Mint is part of which cabinet department?
Who is director of the U.S. Mint?
How many dimes does the U.S. Mint produce each month?
What name is given to the coin honoring the Lewis and Clark expedition?
Name people who have appeared on the U.S. Mint's coins.

When was 3M founded?
Where is 3M based?
Who is the CEO of 3M?
Who was his predecessor as 3M CEO?
What does 3M stand for?
What is 3M's web address?
What brand name products does 3M manufacture?

Who is the chief executive of Merrill Lynch & Co.?
What is Merrill Lynch & Co.'s prime business?
Where is Merrill Lynch & Co. headquartered?
On which street is Merrill Lynch & Co. headquarters located?
By what other name is Merrill Lynch & Co. known?
Name persons involved in law suits with Merrill Lynch & Co..

Who is the chairman of WWE?
Who is the chief executive of WWE?
Where is WWE headquartered?
What is "WWE" short for?
WWE evolved from what earlier organization?
What cable network airs WWE?
What wrestlers have appeared in WWE events?

On what date did the Sago Mine disaster occur?
Who was the sole survivor of the Sago Mine disaster?
What company owned the Sago Mine?
How many miners died in the Sago Mine disaster?
In what state was the Sago mine?
What organization investigated the Sago Mine disaster?
Who were victims of the Sago Mine disaster?

What year did Iraqi defector Curveball defect?
What was Iraqi defector Curveball's profession?
What is Iraqi defector Curveball's real name?
Which intelligence service employed Iraqi defector Curveball?
Which US government officials accepted Iraqi defector Curveball claims regarding Iraqi weapons labs?
Where does Iraqi defector Curveball now live?

On what date did Harriet Miers withdraw her nomination?
On what date was Harriet Miers nominated for the post?
Whose place would Harriet Miers have taken on the Supreme Court?
Who nominatedHarriet Miers for the post?
What criterion did this person cite in nominating Harriet Miers?
How old is Harriet Miers?
What Republican senators supported the nomination of Harriet Miers?

Who was Robert Blake accused of murdering?
On what date did the court begin screening potential jurors for the Robert Blake criminal trial?
On what date did the Robert Blake criminal trial end?
Who was the judge in the Robert Blake criminal trial?
What was the verdict in the Robert Blake criminal trial?
Which attorney was the last prosecutor in the Robert Blake criminal trial?
Who were witnesses during the Robert Blake criminal trial?

What is the abbreviated ship designation for the USS Abraham Lincoln?
On what date was the USS Abraham Lincoln commissioned?
Where is the USS Abraham Lincoln home ported?
On what date did President Bush visit the USS Abraham Lincoln?
Who is the commander of the USS Abraham Lincoln?
What types of aircraft can fly from the USS Abraham Lincoln?

Who is the author of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire"?
What is the number for "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" in the series of Harry Potter books?
Into how many languages has "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" been translated?
What is the name of the Wizarding Game in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire"?
List names of characters in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire".

Who was the founder of the Guinness Brewery?
In what year was the Guinness Brewery founded?
Who was the Guinness Brewmaster in 2006?
How many pints of stout a day does Guinness sell in Ireland?
What is the percent of alcohol by volume in Guinness Stout?
What other Breweries make stout beers?

What were the names of bombing suspects in the London terrorist attacks in 2005?
On what date were the first London terror bombing attacks of 2005 carried out?
On what date was the second London terror bombing attack?
How many bombers were killed in the London terror bombing attacks?
Who many people were killed in total in the 2005 London terror bombing attacks?

In what city and state was Lyme disease first reported?
When was Lyme disease named?
What organism causes Lyme disease?
In what states is Lyme disease a problem?
What medications are used to treat Lyme disease?
What insect repellent works against the ticks that carry Lyme disease?

Who is the chairman of British American Tobacco (BAT)?
In what city are British American Tobacco (BAT)'s headquarters?
What brands of cigarettes does British American Tobacco (BAT) manufacture?
How many people does British American Tobacco (BAT) employ?
What companies has British American Tobacco (BAT) owned?
What public health group did British American Tobacco (BAT) help fund?

On what date was the 2005 presidential election in Egypt held?
What was the percentage of turnout for the 2005 presidential election in Egypt?
How many candidates ran for president in the 2005 presidential election in Egypt?
Who won the 2005 presidential election in Egypt?
What percentage of the votes did the winner of the 2005 presidential election in Egypt receive?
How much did a poster of the winning candidate of the 2005 presidential election in Egypt cost?
What international leaders sent or gave congratulations to the winner of the 2005 presidential election in Egypt?
Which of the candidates in the 2005 presidential election in Egypt was arrested for forgery?

What were the names of characters in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) stories?
How many Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) were there?
What food did the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) eat?
What television network carried Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT)?
In what year did the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) movie come out?
Including the 2014 movie, how many Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) movies have there been?
What state-of-the-art technique is being used for the newest Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (TMNT) movie?

When was Alan Greenspan born?
What school did Alan Greenspan get his bachelor's degree from?
What federal organization was Alan Greenspan chairman of?
When (month and year) was Alan Greenspan first nominated to this position?
How long did Alan Greenspan serve in this position?
Who has served longer than Alan Greenspan in this position?
Who has been selected to be Alan Greenspan's successor as chairman?
How many chairmen of Alan Greenspan's organization have there been since it was established in 1913?
What foreign countries did Alan Greenspan visit while chairman?

What country is Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad president of?
In what town was Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad born?
On what date was Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad born?
Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad holds a Ph.D. in what field?
What foreign countries has Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad visited since his election to the presidency?
What other positions has Mahmud (or Mahmood, Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad held in government?

When was Rafik Hariri born?
To what religion did  Rafik Hariri belong (including sect)?
From what university did  Rafik Hariri get a degree?
At what time in the day was  Rafik Hariri assassinated?
How many others were killed at the same time as Rafik Hariri?
What country did the UN investigator, Detlev Mehlis, accuse of responsibility for Rafik Hariri's assassination?
How long did Rafik Hariri serve as prime minister, total?
What country other than Lebanon did Rafik Hariri hold citizenship?
What countries offered condolences at Rafik Hariri's death?

On what date was the Israel evacuation of the Gaza Strip settlers completed?
How many settlers were evacuated by Israel from the Gaza Strip?
What is the average compensation paid for each evacuated family by Israel from the Gaza Strip?
How many soldiers or police officers were used to carry out the evacuation by Israel from the Gaza Strip?
Who contributed money to purchase the Gaza greenhouses and supporting equipment?
In the three months following the evacuation, how many rockets were fired at Israel from Gaza?
What were the settlements that were evacuated by Israel from the Gaza Strip?

In what US state was Barack Obama born?
On what date was Barack Obama born?
What year was Barack Obama elected to the US Senate?
Whom did Barack Obama defeat for the US Senate seat?
What position did Barack Obama hold before becoming US senator?
In which US states has Barack Obama lived?

Where is Exxon Mobile headquartered?
In what year did Exxon and Mobile merge?
Who is the Exxon Mobile CEO?
In what countries has Exxon Mobile explored for oil?
How much oil was spilled by the Exxon tanker Valdez?
What was the cost of the oil clean-up by the Exxon tanker Valdez?
On what date did the oil spill by the Exxon tanker Valdez occur?

What was the nickname given to the B-17 Bomber?
What company manufactured the B-17 bomber?
How many B-17's were built?
The B-17 bomber was used against which countries?
How many missions did the Memphis Belle fly?

In what year was Habitat for Humanity founded?
Who was the founder of Habitat for Humanity?
In what city and state are Habitat for Humanity International headquarters?
Who is Habitat for Humanity's most famous volunteer?
How many volunteers have contributed to building houses for Habitat for Humanity?
In what countries has Habitat for Humanity provided assistance abroad?

In what year did Sir Edmund Hillary search for Yeti?
In what U.S. states have sightings of Yeti been reported?
What was the height of Yeti reported as sighted in Malaysia?
In what province and country were Yeti vocalizations recorded?
What other names have been used for Yeti?

